Hello Bochen,


I’ll be your main point of contact going forward Please think of me as
your Google "go-to" person throughout the process I’m excited to get to
know you!

I’m thrilled to tell you that after reviewing your application, we'd like
to move forward and interview you for our Engineering Resident, University
Graduate 
role

The Engineering Residency Program is a great opportunity to start your
engineering career at Google Please watch this 2-minute video

that gives an excellent summary of what our program is all about! Through
this video, you can hear from our Eng Res staff and resident alumni

This year-long residency program  comprises several weeks of extended
training on Google’s tools and infrastructure,  followed by rotations on
engineering teams working on real-world, Google-scale projects Throughout
the program, you’ll be able to form important social connections with a
diverse network of peers, build essential teamwork and communication
skills, connect with advisors and experienced engineers, and explore
different ways to apply your technical skills All residents will have the
opportunity to apply for permanent positions at Google; strong performance
in Eng Residency will be the key to a successful conversion

Google is invested in increasing the pipeline of future computer scientists
and software developers We are aiming to recruit a class of up to 25
graduates with strong technical, problem solving and leadership skills whom
we can develop to become the great computer scientists of tomorrow  You
will also be given an opportunity to pursue conversion opportunities at
Google, based on strong performance in the Engineering Residency program
Our goal is to have the majority of participants successfully transition
from this program to challenging technical careers in Google and beyond

The first step is to arrange two technical phone interviews with engineers
The interviews will be 45-minutes in length and will utilize Google Docs
more information on this below It will aim to evaluate your computer
science fundamentals and technical skills If these phone interviews goes
well, the next step will be a technical hangout interview Please review
our Engineering interview prep doc

to help best prepare for topics that may be covered in your interviews

To help me arrange this interview, could you please respond to the
following questions:

   1

   Please confirm your legal name
   2

   Your availability for the phone interviews Please provide a number of
   days and times spanning three weeks of availability, noting interview
   hours are Monday-Friday, 10am-4pm PST
   3

   Please let us know if you have a disability or special need that
   requires accommodation Examples of accommodations include providing
   documents in an alternate format, utilizing a sign language interpreter or
   using specialized equipment If you’d like to discuss additional
   accommodations confidentially, please let me know and I can connect you
   with someone from our Benefits team
   4

   What is the best telephone number to use for your technical phone
   interviews?
   5

   What time zone will you be in for your interviews?
   6

   What are your top coding languages in order of preference?
   7

   Do you have any urgent offer deadlines or other interviews scheduled?
   8

   Do you know any full-time Googlers? working in any location
   9

   Will you require work authorization and/or sponsorship to work in the
   US now? If so, please specify
   10

   Will you require work authorization and/or sponsorship to work in the
   US in the future? If so, please specify
   11

   What date do you anticipate graduating? If you haven’t already done so,
   please provide your current unofficial transcript via email in PDF format
   12

   Please provide your location order of preference Mountain View, New
   York, Seattle, Kirkland:


Thank you and I'm really looking forward to helping you through your
interview process Please don't hesitate to let me know if you have any
questions at any point along the way I'm here to help and to make this
process as smooth as possible for you!

Best,
​Cristina ​
-- 

Cristina Meader Galli | University Graduate Recruiter | cgalli@googlecom
 | 650-214-1205
